1, 2...
♫♪
I can't even eat
is that I can't forget you
oh life mine, help me
without you I can't live anymore
and I am still like this
without your love
is that my life without you...
I can't live... Nooo
(so tough, so tough, so tough, so tough)
I have to get on my knees
and pray
(so tough, so tough, so tough, so tough)
Oh baby it's not enoug (enough, enough)
oh baby it's not enough (enough, enough)
I have to get on my knees
and pray (enough, enough, enough, enough)
oh ooohhh
Everything is forgotten now
tears in our altar
oh oohh
you are my soulmate
without you I can't breathe
and I am still like this
without your smell
is that my life without you...
I can't live... Nooo...
(so tough, so tough, so tough, so tough)
I have to get on my knees
and pray
(so tough, so tough, so tough, so tough)
oh ooohhh
Oh baby it's not enough
(enough, enough)
Oh baby it's not enough (enough, enough)
I have to get on my knees
and pray (enough, enough, enough, enough)
If I can't sleep, can't breathe
and I don't stop thinking that the days without you, without your body,
is like a mission of endless torture
...why do I want to exist?
...why do you leave me like that... without you?
if you are the light of my eyes, reason for my being, you were born for me
I didn't think you were like that
but from then and when I met you, my heart started to beat
I could not lie to you
I could never pretend
you're all good in me
is that my life is very sad without you...
and I am still like this
without your love
is that my life without you...
I can't live... Nooo...
(so tough, so tough, so tough, so tough)
Come rock steady debe doo va day
(enough, enough...)
Oh baby it's not enough (enough, enough)
I have to get on my knees and pray...
(enough, enough, enough, enough)
I have to go...
And I don't want to walk away
Oh life mine, help me...
Without you I don't want to live anymore...
and I am still like this...
without your smell...
I can't avoid it...
help me...
I can't forget you
is that without you
I can't live...
Anymore...
♪♫